Mention client-side navigation alongside server-side redirect (#8781)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/20-core-concepts/20-load.md

> Make sure you're not catching the thrown redirect, which results in a noop.

> To navigate users from the client-side, you'll want to use [`goto`](modules#$app-navigation-goto) from [`$app.navigation`](modules#$app-navigation)

Reviewer: You can (and should) use `throw redirect` inside a universal `load` function, so perhaps this would be more complete:

```suggestion
In the browser, you can also navigate programmatically outside of a `load` function using [`goto`](modules#$app-navigation-goto) from [`$app.navigation`](modules#$app-navigation).
```
